hello to all guys welcome to the milk 23rd part of pokemon green leaf +
device 77 pineapple this part to the man beaten agapanto
for the broken cuff.
so now I tried to go on eye I met fourth
superquattro and I lost one
so now you have done everything and I have returned to this point better than water aerobics
or so
the call for the first day I have
because now I know only a little
as perhaps you who know as superquattro ls gentlemen
coaches
dragon type pokemon
fortissimo
that is, I took the sample here instead of the super four
so now let's start controllers
really really strong he used dragon type pokemon
now let's see a little
but I already know your first pope common the game dos
that we should be able to beat using a thunder attack
cocaine
so he uses bullying has already passed tomato tom profanum windows live scrub
we use to have attacked
and we should be able to defeat him
immediately
if indeed you need yourself
without problems perfect for a bad blow
therefore children of senate environment
now the others are missing
4 more I will do little now you black dragon
quadrangular I would send the pass inside
remember that the throat level pokemon barely goes up a little
climbed to level 50
ok
dragonair revolution before dragon age we are geloraggio
I don't know how much slutty announcements from so much
well had a bad blow to
outrage really an amazingly strong move
oh well we are geloraggio
and he and cherries
views
it's amazing but you can't top up then use yet outrage
be aware that after using pokemon outrage it sends you into confusion for the
practicing
so let's say a little and strong, but he has his
Istanbul side effects
ok. now they sent me on foot
I john torrent world
and helping me I'm in my wilson silver team
a lot of ideas i know it's very strong
win speed attacks however in defense in special defense especially
london street i'll know 4
did not mistake for change we failed the thunder attack
he closed the ancient door we still try punctually this time
basiglio and we should be able to send him head
let's see
yes exactly we send him over
perfect
we even go up in winter jean todt is really doing so much incredible
it won't take a lot a little. electro
I recommend you take some musical is too much but take it
I noticed - yet another dragon
the eagle masseroli slaves
who I wouldn't put then
I would try to put kinder
don't get kingler I expected more or stronger guys in the sky
forma youtube atahotels kuduro
here we have lisa colpodifango that lowers the speed and this however it is
a profit
and faster though
the non-giving used
it paralyzes us
let's see now on
luisa we safeguard
best try again with
Mud Shot
we shouldn't beat pro anyway here it is
bad touran hit sleep still under the aegis
closed now outrage
which, however
what does it do but not so much I send it to me and now we finish it
even. Indian
does it
noooo managed to resist
this site can pass tomorrow
sorry again to the kinder slice a little missing
checking for me I expected a little bit stronger
sin
square send me spooling
still he can't fight it all
h & m
he is reserved for everyone.
Brandizzi
We are sports cardboard free places
it does not top up hotmail axis but come on
it recharges
we attack it we attack it with force
two things we are
let's send a boss
very well
then
now it's up to dragon age
which is his little moon stronger unfortunately
but I wanted to put it in. We don't leave free underwear now
alonso and his last pokemon
the dragonette foot really level 60 very strong
soccer forecasts
something, however, should take away
that codara is never used again is super effective
the mill manages to resist
now
we could go flying spoon johnson I try going to practice
articles on attack on ice binder superefficente f4 but cabbage news other
May
send me ko
now
we must try to put
I would try first by putting then
I don't immediately put Johnston because he wanted a blowjob to weaken him
lando bite
luisa between exact added then
dupin should be able to cash in well with facts
whether to cash in well
sq.
in we try to attach it with breccia
he is confused again
continues usa west reached
I would say very lucky
then we send in now
jojo
giacomo attack your should not succeed photo
film in fact we manage to attack
it is not super effective felt
aiap aiap aiap I did not expect this
he is confused and paralyzed
still manages to attack with outrage
sorry the game giorgio manages to resist him though
use baccacedro
now the paralyzed which he will strike down.
stewe wonder chocabeck with yours I wouldn't let you top up
honda I know I shouldn't
and instead I make a bad blow and bad shots always come when they are not needed
which exalts kid
it attacks itself
eeee is headed to a maximum volume
Thank god
we managed to beat even the fourth super four cars
let us
swimming league champion would be this for now
ok now if i change my name i will be not before i have passed an underwear
challenges to face another coach and his name gerry goes. our first
online
so we will have to potter.
However
lol
I wanted to do just a part just on habbo only with
alone. with the fight with races so I would stop this apart
town page
ok.
very short blonde. eas
but I would sign it here so the next one will succeed
to
knock down inspiron
our rival
and so it is also to do event
anyway
we'll see
however, the part ends here, we see ourselves in the next, that is, we will break down or
at least we will try battery our first lettieri ciao a tutti